I believe you.
What an adulterer and whore!
To sign, shameless bitch
Our Bai family has lost all face for you.
What nonsense are you talking about?
He insisted on posting that counterfeit
It has nothing to do with our Bai family
Don't implicate our Bai family
Yes, yes, this bitch
Gotta mix it with this leg twist
It has nothing to do with us.
To Xu Shengjiang
If you want to be prejudiced, be prejudiced against the two adulterers and whores
Shut your mouths
Zhou Xiao
You don't think I'm ready for anything, do you?
Oh.
What have you prepared?
OK
Zhou Xiao, this is what I specially prepared for you.
You must die here today
Zhou Xiao, can you handle it?
Just these people
What am I afraid of?